hi i'm fiona author of 25 foods kids
hate and how to get them eating 24 and
welcome back to my videojug cooking for
kids series okay I think this recipe is
foolproof it's my spinach pesto or
Popeyes pesto so a great tip is if your
kids don't like a certain vegetable like
spinach for example think of foods and
dishes that they do like and try and
figure out ways of incorporating those
vegetables into those dishes and I can't
think of many kids who don't love pasta
pesto so first of all I have got some
fresh baby leaf spinach all you need for
this recipe by the way is a food
processor or a handheld blender is just
as good pack it in and it does go right
in town I promise it seems like a lot
but actually you know it does blend
right down of course
as ever for the full ingredients and
details and measurements head to the
description box basil smells divine a
love basil and it goes I've also got
some Parmesan cheese and it goes this
really is a case of just putting things
into your food processor I'm going to
use about five tablespoons of olive oil
maybe use a little bit more if you want
to rapeseed oil is great too
I've generous spoonfuls tablespoonfuls
by the way but if seasoning don't be
afraid to season your kids food you know
too much salt is a bad thing but a
little bit does help so two big pinches
about quarter of a teaspoon is what
you're looking for tiny bit more and the
juice of half a lime gives it some zing
and if your lime isn't that juicy
because sometimes it just depends on
what you get
I feel free to use the other half
actually I think I'm going to do and see
this technique I'm squeezing the lime
through my fingers to catch any pips and
really that's it lid goes on and we whiz
it up
right there you go how easy is that it's
like blink and you'll miss it that's how
you make pesto you just put it all in
and you whiz it up so I'm going to
safety first
turn it off give it a quick test so
fresh honey delicious okay and then
literally you just serve it up I've got
some pasta right here that I've pre
cooked and that's the tiny thing you
know that's the thing that takes all the
time
and you just take it off and you spoon
it on
so there we have it my spinach pesto and
listen if you like the recipes like this
then you can subscribe to our video jug
youtube channel follow us on twitter at
videojug food or find us on Facebook
because we'd love to hear all of your
comments and ideas on all of our recipes
and maybe some of yours too but for now
I think that this is so much nicer and
fresher than the standard jarred pesto
that you can buy in the shops and to
prove it mmm please TV hungry kids or
lunch for a hungry mum enjoy that's it
from me hopes to you next time for
another video jug cooking for kids in
our fantastic series
you